digital_portfolio.md, before:

# Digital Portfolio

### Create PT Due as FINAL in your portfolio by April 29!

- Go to [digitalportfolio.collegeboard.org](https://digitalportfolio.collegeboard.org), log in with your College Board account
- Make sure that you enter your AP numbers into the Digital Portfolio
- The College Board recommends that you use the Written Responses Templates that are inside the Create and Explore performance tasks pages to ensure accurate scoring and to respond to all the performance task requirements.

## Resources

**CB Resources**

- [Student User Guide for AP CSP](https://secure-media.collegeboard.org/digitalServices/pdf/ap/computer-science-principles-digital-portfolio-student-guide.pdf)
- [Assessment Overview and Performance Task Directions](https://apcentral.collegeboard.org/pdf/ap-csp-student-task-directions.pdf?course=ap-computer-science-principles)
- [Explore PT Scoring Guidelines]({{"/assets/pdfs/digital_portfolio/explore-guidelines-2019.pdf" | relative_url }})
- [Create PT Scoring Guidelines]({{"/assets/pdfs/digital_portfolio/create-guidelines-2019.pdf" | relative_url }})
<!-- - [Sample Responses and Scoring](https://secure-media.collegeboard.org/ap/pdf/ap18-csp-explore.pdf) - Scroll past rubric to see scores and commentary -->
- [Sample Responses](https://apcentral.collegeboard.org/courses/ap-computer-science-principles/exam?course=ap-computer-science-principles) - Scroll down to the Sample Responses and Scoring Information section and make sure to look at the 2018: Sample ...

<!-- **Research and Organization**

 - [Rough Notes & Sources Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19n4gLaVmOgiqpCCezNZFtuR6LEhB9SNOg9pJWdXiE3k/edit?usp=sharing) -->

**Resources to make your video and PDF:**

<!-- - [Adobe Spark](https://spark.adobe.com/) to create a short video presentation
- PowerPoint
- [Audacity](https://www.audacityteam.org/) for making audio presentation
- Google Docs, Slides, Drawings to create PDF or infographic -->
- Screencasting - see me if you want to do this (it's fairly simple, but there are multiple ways to do it depending on what OS you have)
- Get someone to help you (if you need it) record you runnign your program with a phone/camera

Commit message:

udpate digital portfolio with create links

digital_portfolio.md, after:

# Digital Portfolio

### Create PT Due as FINAL in your portfolio by April 29!

- Go to [digitalportfolio.collegeboard.org](https://digitalportfolio.collegeboard.org), log in with your College Board account
- Make sure that you enter your AP numbers into the Digital Portfolio
- The College Board recommends that you use the Written Responses Templates that are inside the Create and Explore performance tasks pages to ensure accurate scoring and to respond to all the performance task requirements.

## Resources

**CB Resources**

- [Student User Guide for AP CSP](https://secure-media.collegeboard.org/digitalServices/pdf/ap/computer-science-principles-digital-portfolio-student-guide.pdf)
- [Assessment Overview and Performance Task Directions](https://apcentral.collegeboard.org/pdf/ap-csp-student-task-directions.pdf?course=ap-computer-science-principles)
- [Explore PT Scoring Guidelines]({{"/assets/pdfs/digital_portfolio/explore-guidelines-2019.pdf" | relative_url }})
- [Create PT Scoring Guidelines]({{"/assets/pdfs/digital_portfolio/create-guidelines-2019.pdf" | relative_url }})
<!-- - [Sample Responses and Scoring](https://secure-media.collegeboard.org/ap/pdf/ap18-csp-explore.pdf) - Scroll past rubric to see scores and commentary -->
- [Sample Responses](https://apcentral.collegeboard.org/courses/ap-computer-science-principles/exam?course=ap-computer-science-principles) - Scroll down to the Sample Responses and Scoring Information section and make sure to look at the 2018: Sample ...

<!-- **Research and Organization**

 - [Rough Notes & Sources Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19n4gLaVmOgiqpCCezNZFtuR6LEhB9SNOg9pJWdXiE3k/edit?usp=sharing) -->

**Resources to make your video and PDF:**

<!-- - [Adobe Spark](https://spark.adobe.com/) to create a short video presentation
- PowerPoint
- [Audacity](https://www.audacityteam.org/) for making audio presentation
- Google Docs, Slides, Drawings to create PDF or infographic -->
#### PDF of Code/Written Responses:
- [Code Print](https://bakerfranke.github.io/codePrint/) - useful for preparing PDF of code for Create PT

#### Video of Program Running:
- Screencasting
  - Online/Web: [Screencast-o-matic](https://screencast-o-matic.com/) - may require download depending on browser/plugins
  - Windows/Mac: [Jing from Techsmith](https://www.techsmith.com/jing.html) - requires download
  - On Windows 10, you can use the built-in screen recording: [Quora Article](https://www.quora.com/How-can-I-Record-Screen-in-Windows-10)
    - This can record sound as well, so you may want to mute the mic if you don't want to have sound
  - [On a Mac](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208721)
- Get someone to help you (if you need it) record you running your program with a phone/camera
