index.md, before:

---
title: false
---

# Hello, world!

<img src="https://www.creativefabrica.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/Mistakes-are-proof-that-youre-trying-580x386.jpg" alt="mistakes are proof that your're trying">

## Schedule:

Week of 9/9/19: [Chapter 1](curriculum/1) continued
  - Read over [chapter 1 reference sheets](assets/pdfs/ch1-ref-sheets.pdf) & watch shorts for Chapter 1 if needed
  - **Mon:** Answer Pennies questions in class
    - Continue with [Pennies](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/pennies/pennies.html)
  - **Tue:** Answer any other questions on Pennies in class
    - [Pennies](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/pennies/pennies.html) due at 11:59pm tonight
  - **Wed:** Continue with Functions and Libraries
    - Work on functions labs in class: [Adder](https://lab.cs50.io/candib80/cs50labs/c/adder/), [Multiply](https://lab.cs50.io/candib80/cs50labs/c/mult/), & [MyFunction](https://lab.cs50.io/candib80/cs50labs/c/myFunction/)
  - **Thu:** Principles of Good Design
    - Complete study guide for Ch 1 for homework so we can review tomorrow
  - **Fri:** Review for Test

  - **Looking forward:** Test on Monday; Start [Chapter 2](curriculum/2)

**Anything not completed in class becomes homework**
  - HW Assignments not submitted by class time next day will be late and you will not get points
  - PSETs not turned in will be counted off 5 points/percent each day they are late
  - Labs will be included in the Quizzes Category and graded as such

<!-- This is CS50 AP, Harvard University's introduction to the intellectual enterprises of computer science and the art of programming for students in high school, which satisfies the College Board's AP CS Principles curriculum framework.

<iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tZxLMIk_SaY?playlist=GAB6Gm7pTTA"></iframe> -->

Commit message:

updated test date and added cash to next week

index.md, after:

---
title: false
---

# Hello, world!

<img src="https://www.creativefabrica.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/Mistakes-are-proof-that-youre-trying-580x386.jpg" alt="mistakes are proof that your're trying">

## Schedule: Week of 9/9/19: [Chapter 1](curriculum/1) continued

  - Read over [chapter 1 reference sheets](assets/pdfs/ch1-ref-sheets.pdf) & watch shorts for Chapter 1 if needed
  - **Mon:** Answer Pennies questions in class
    - Continue with [Pennies](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/pennies/pennies.html)
  - **Tue:** Answer any other questions on Pennies in class
    - [Pennies](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/pennies/pennies.html) due at 11:59pm tonight
  - **Wed:** Continue with Functions and Libraries
    - Work on functions labs in class: [Adder](https://lab.cs50.io/candib80/cs50labs/c/adder/), [Multiply](https://lab.cs50.io/candib80/cs50labs/c/mult/), & [MyFunction](https://lab.cs50.io/candib80/cs50labs/c/myFunction/)
  - **Thu:** Principles of Good Design
    - Complete study guide for Ch 1 for homework so we can review tomorrow
  - **Fri:** Review for Test

  - **Looking forward:** Test on Tusday; work on [Cash](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/cash/cash.html) as a class; start [Chapter 2](curriculum/2)

**Anything not completed in class becomes homework**
  - HW Assignments not submitted by class time next day will be late and you will not get points
  - PSETs not turned in will be counted off 5 points/percent each day they are late
  - Labs will be included in the Quizzes Category and graded as such

<!-- This is CS50 AP, Harvard University's introduction to the intellectual enterprises of computer science and the art of programming for students in high school, which satisfies the College Board's AP CS Principles curriculum framework.

<iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tZxLMIk_SaY?playlist=GAB6Gm7pTTA"></iframe> -->
