weeks/week22.md, before:

<meta http-equiv="refresh" content="300"/>

# Week 22

### Week of 2/15/21<br>[Web Track](/ap/curriculum/web)<br>[Homepage PSET](/ap/curriculum/web/homepage) due Wed at 11:59 pm

|         | Class | Homework |
| ------- | ----- | -------- |
| **Mon** | Work on [Homepage PSET](/ap/curriculum/web/homepage) | Finish up any CSS you need to add & start on the Bootstrap and JS features if you have not already added Bootstrap (documentation linked below) |
| **Tue** | Last day to work on Homepage in class | Read over the [Python for Web Programming ref sheet](/ap/assets/pdfs/python_for_web_programming.pdf)<br>Complete the [Ted Ed Lesson](https://ed.ted.com/on/ITTKk0xw) on the first 26 minutes of the Flask Lecture; you do not need to code along with him, we will code in class, but I want you to know what we are doing<br>Finish up anything you need to on Homepage |
| **Wed** | Start on Web Programming with Python | Homepage due tonight at 11:59 |
| **Thu** |       |          |
| **Fri** |       |          |

Lunch time: 1:10  
Sr - Classroom  
Jr - Classroom  

<div style="text-align:center">
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/html" target="_blank"><img src="\ap\assets\img\html-icon.jpg" alt="html" style="padding: 0px 25px"></a>
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css" target="_blank"><img src="\ap\assets\img\css-icon.jpg" alt="css" style="padding: 0px 25px"></a>
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/js" target="_blank"><img src="\ap\assets\img\js-icon.jpg" alt="javascript" style="padding: 0px 25px"></a>
</div>
<br>
<div style="text-align:center">
<a href="https://eloquentjavascript.net/" target="_blank"><img src="https://eloquentjavascript.net/img/cover.jpg" alt="eloquent JS book" height="300px"></a>
<a href="https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/getting-started/introduction/" target="_blank"><img src="\ap\assets\img\bootstrap.png" alt="bootstrap" height="300px"></a>
</div>

Commit message:

update wed and thrus class in wk22

weeks/week22.md, after:

<meta http-equiv="refresh" content="300"/>

# Week 22

### Week of 2/15/21<br>[Web Track](/ap/curriculum/web)<br>[Homepage PSET](/ap/curriculum/web/homepage) due Wed at 11:59 pm

|         | Class | Homework |
| ------- | ----- | -------- |
| **Mon** | Work on [Homepage PSET](/ap/curriculum/web/homepage) | Finish up any CSS you need to add & start on the Bootstrap and JS features if you have not already added Bootstrap (documentation linked below) |
| **Tue** | Last day to work on Homepage in class | Read over the [Python for Web Programming ref sheet](/ap/assets/pdfs/python_for_web_programming.pdf)<br>Complete the [Ted Ed Lesson](https://ed.ted.com/on/ITTKk0xw) on the first 26 minutes of the Flask Lecture; you do not need to code along with him, we will code in class, but I want you to know what we are doing<br>Finish up anything you need to on Homepage |
| **Wed** | Start on Web Programming with Python<br>Any time left in class, will be questions/work on Homepage | Homepage due tonight at 11:59 |
| **Thu** | Continue with Flask/Python for web |          |
| **Fri** |       |          |

Lunch time: 1:10  
Sr - Classroom  
Jr - Classroom  

<div style="text-align:center">
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/html" target="_blank"><img src="\ap\assets\img\html-icon.jpg" alt="html" style="padding: 0px 25px"></a>
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css" target="_blank"><img src="\ap\assets\img\css-icon.jpg" alt="css" style="padding: 0px 25px"></a>
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/js" target="_blank"><img src="\ap\assets\img\js-icon.jpg" alt="javascript" style="padding: 0px 25px"></a>
</div>
<br>
<div style="text-align:center">
<a href="https://eloquentjavascript.net/" target="_blank"><img src="https://eloquentjavascript.net/img/cover.jpg" alt="eloquent JS book" height="300px"></a>
<a href="https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/getting-started/introduction/" target="_blank"><img src="\ap\assets\img\bootstrap.png" alt="bootstrap" height="300px"></a>
</div>
