weeks/week21.md, before:

<meta http-equiv="refresh" content="300"/>

## Week 21<br>Week of 2/8/21

### [Web Track](/ap/curriculum/web)

|         | Class | Homework |
| ------- | ----- | -------- |
| **Mon** | Start on JavaScript | Read over the JS reference sheet and the JS notes sheet<br>Start working on Homepage - Get ideas of what you want your site to be and start on `html` |
| **Tue** | Start on JavaScript | Read over the JS reference sheet and the JS notes sheet; other JS resources below<br>Start working on Homepage - Get ideas of what you want your site to be and start on `html` |
| **Wed** | Continue with JS and DOM manipulation | Have all your HTML done for at least `index.html` in [Homepage PSET](/ap/curriculum/web/homepage)<br>If using Bootstrap for your navigation, add that to the first page, then you can copy that part into the other 3 pages |
| **Thu** |       |          |
| **Fri** |       |          |

Lunch time: 1:15  
Sr - Classroom  
Jr - Cafeteria  

<div style="text-align:center">
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/html" target="_blank"><img src="\ap\assets\img\html-icon.jpg" alt="html" style="padding: 0px 25px"></a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css" target="_blank"><img src="\ap\assets\img\css-icon.jpg" alt="css" style="padding: 0px 25px"></a><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/js" target="_blank"><img src="\ap\assets\img\js-icon.jpg" alt="javascript" style="padding: 0px 25px"></a>
</div>
<br>
<div style="text-align:center">
<a href="https://eloquentjavascript.net/" target="_blank"><img src="https://eloquentjavascript.net/img/cover.jpg" alt="eloquent JS book" height="400px"></a>
</div>

Commit message:

updated thurs; added js practice

weeks/week21.md, after:

<meta http-equiv="refresh" content="300"/>

## Week 21<br>Week of 2/8/21

### [Web Track](/ap/curriculum/web)

|         | Class | Homework |
| ------- | ----- | -------- |
| **Mon** | Start on JavaScript | Read over the JS reference sheet and the JS notes sheet<br>Start working on Homepage - Get ideas of what you want your site to be and start on `html` |
| **Tue** | Start on JavaScript | Read over the JS reference sheet and the JS notes sheet; other JS resources below<br>Start working on Homepage - Get ideas of what you want your site to be and start on `html` |
| **Wed** | Continue with JS and DOM manipulation | Have all your HTML done for at least `index.html` in [Homepage PSET](/ap/curriculum/web/homepage)<br>If using Bootstrap for your navigation, add that to the first page, then you can copy that part into the other 3 pages |
| **Thu** | Finish up JS<br>Start on JS homework | [Practice JS problems](/ap/curriculum/web/js_practice)<br>Add another HTML page to your Homepage PSET if you haven't already |
| **Fri** |       |          |

Lunch time: 1:15  
Sr - Classroom  
Jr - Cafeteria  

<div style="text-align:center">
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/html" target="_blank"><img src="\ap\assets\img\html-icon.jpg" alt="html" style="padding: 0px 25px"></a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css" target="_blank"><img src="\ap\assets\img\css-icon.jpg" alt="css" style="padding: 0px 25px"></a><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/js" target="_blank"><img src="\ap\assets\img\js-icon.jpg" alt="javascript" style="padding: 0px 25px"></a>
</div>
<br>
<div style="text-align:center">
<a href="https://eloquentjavascript.net/" target="_blank"><img src="https://eloquentjavascript.net/img/cover.jpg" alt="eloquent JS book" height="400px"></a>
</div>
