weeks/week12.md, before:

# Week 12

<img src="https://www.planbee.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/Ed-Quote-Images.002-1-1024x550.jpeg" alt="learn more by looking for answer than finding it" height="300">

## Schedule for week of 11/11/19 - Con't with [Chapter 3](/ap/curriculum/3)

  |       |In Class               |Homework   |
  |-------|---------              |---------  |
  |**Mon**|File manipulation; Images |Work on struct file manipulation (see below)|
  |**Tue**|Con't Images |Finish struct file manipulation; Read the [Images](/ap/assets/pdfs/images.pdf) ref sheet |
  |**Wed**|               |            |
  |**Thu**|               |            |
  |**Fri**|               |            |

* PSET: [Whodunit](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/whodunit/whodunit.html)

* **Struct file manipulation:** take your struct file from last week, and tweak it like in the struct2.c program in the [chapter's source files](https://cdn.cs50.net/2018/fall/lectures/3/src3.pdf) so that the data captured at runtime is printed to a .csv file

Commit message:

added notes for images; update wk12 with link; reordered nav

weeks/week12.md, after:

# Week 12

<img src="https://www.planbee.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/Ed-Quote-Images.002-1-1024x550.jpeg" alt="learn more by looking for answer than finding it" height="300">

## Schedule for week of 11/11/19 - Con't with [Chapter 3](/ap/curriculum/3)

  |       |In Class               |Homework   |
  |-------|---------              |---------  |
  |**Mon**|File manipulation; Images |Work on struct file manipulation (see below)|
  |**Tue**|Con't Images |Finish struct file manipulation; Read the [Images](/ap/assets/pdfs/images.pdf) ref sheet and review notes below on images|
  |**Wed**|               |            |
  |**Thu**|               |            |
  |**Fri**|               |            |

* PSET: [Whodunit](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/whodunit/whodunit.html)

* **Struct file manipulation:** take your struct file from last week, and tweak it like in the struct2.c program in the [chapter's source files](https://cdn.cs50.net/2018/fall/lectures/3/src3.pdf) so that the data captured at runtime is printed to a .csv file

* [Images notes from class](/ap/assets/pdfs/images-notes.pdf)
