weeks/week28.md, before:

## Week 28

### Week of 3/28/2022<br>[Create](\apcsp\curriculum\pt\create)<br>[Ch 8](\apcsp\curriculum\8) - HTML, CSS, JavaScript

|         | Class | Homework |
| ------- | ----- | -------- |
| **Mon** |Finish up [Ch 8 Lab](https://cs50.harvard.edu/ap/2022/curriculum/x/labs/8/) & get that turned in<br>Start on [Ch 8 PSET - Homepage](https://cs50.harvard.edu/ap/2022/curriculum/x/psets/8/homepage/) |Lab 8 is due tonight, so make sure to get it submitted  |
| **Tue** |Work on PSET 8 |  |
| **Wed** |PSET/Review |  |
| **Thu** |Review |  |
| **Fri** |Test on Ch 8 |  |

* [JS Cheatsheet](https://javascript.pythoncheatsheet.org/#) to help out with the PSET

<div style="text-align:center">
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/html" target="_blank"><img src="\apcsp\assets\img\html-icon.jpg" alt="html" style="padding: 0px 25px"></a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css" target="_blank"><img src="\apcsp\assets\img\css-icon.jpg" alt="css" style="padding: 0px 25px"></a><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/js" target="_blank"><img src="\apcsp\assets\img\js-icon.jpg" alt="javascript" style="padding: 0px 25px"></a>
</div>

<br>
<div style="text-align:center">
<a href="https://eloquentjavascript.net/" target="_blank"><img src="https://eloquentjavascript.net/img/cover.jpg" alt="eloquent JS book" height="400px"></a>
</div>

<meta http-equiv="refresh" content="300"/>

Commit message:

update fri with puzzle day link

weeks/week28.md, after:

## Week 28

### Week of 3/28/2022<br>[Create](\apcsp\curriculum\pt\create)<br>[Ch 8](\apcsp\curriculum\8) - HTML, CSS, JavaScript

|         | Class | Homework |
| ------- | ----- | -------- |
| **Mon** |Finish up [Ch 8 Lab](https://cs50.harvard.edu/ap/2022/curriculum/x/labs/8/) & get that turned in<br>Start on [Ch 8 PSET - Homepage](https://cs50.harvard.edu/ap/2022/curriculum/x/psets/8/homepage/) |Lab 8 is due tonight, so make sure to get it submitted  |
| **Tue** |Work on PSET 8 |  |
| **Wed** |PSET/Review |  |
| **Thu** |Review |  |
| **Fri** |Test on Ch 8<br>[Puzzle Day](https://cs50.ly/puzzles) if you'd like to solve some puzzles for fun |  |

* [JS Cheatsheet](https://javascript.pythoncheatsheet.org/#) to help out with the PSET

<div style="text-align:center">
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/html" target="_blank"><img src="\apcsp\assets\img\html-icon.jpg" alt="html" style="padding: 0px 25px"></a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css" target="_blank"><img src="\apcsp\assets\img\css-icon.jpg" alt="css" style="padding: 0px 25px"></a><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/js" target="_blank"><img src="\apcsp\assets\img\js-icon.jpg" alt="javascript" style="padding: 0px 25px"></a>
</div>

<br>
<div style="text-align:center">
<a href="https://eloquentjavascript.net/" target="_blank"><img src="https://eloquentjavascript.net/img/cover.jpg" alt="eloquent JS book" height="400px"></a>
</div>

<meta http-equiv="refresh" content="300"/>
