weeks/week23.md, before:

<meta http-equiv="refresh" content="300"/>

## Week 23  
Week of 2/10/2020 

  |       |In Class               |Homework   |
  |-------|---------              |---------  |
  |**Mon**|Finish up with Intro to Python [Chapter 6](/ap/curriculum/6/)<br>Mario examples, File I/O & Dictionaries |Continue working on your next PSET: Sentimental [Hello](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/sentimental/hello/hello.html) & [Cash](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/sentimental/cash/cash.html) - Due Wed by 11:59pm<br>If you need guidance on where to start with these, go to Chapter 6 link to the left, then go to the Source Code section and look over the PDF. For `hello` search for *hello* on the PDF by either `ctrl` or `cmd` + `f`. For help on getting a positive number for `cash`, search for *mario3*. |
  |**Tue**|Continue with Python - [Chapter 7](/ap/curriculum/7/)<br>Answers questions on PSET at end of class |Continue working on your next PSET: Sentimental [Hello](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/sentimental/hello/hello.html) & [Cash](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/sentimental/cash/cash.html) - Due Wed by 11:59pm<br>Review the [lecture we watched in class](https://video.cs50.net/2018/fall/lectures/7?t=0m49s) if you need to; we should get to about minute 47ish (I'll update time after class)<br>Quiz on Python basics Thursday|
  |**Wed**| |Sentimental PSET is due tonight by 11:59<br>Quiz on Python basics tomorrow |
  |**Thu**|Python basics quiz | |
  |**Fri**| | |

<div style="text-align:center">
<img src="https://cdn.lynda.com/course/661773/661773-637122005058334771-16x9.jpg" alt="python" width="40%">
<img src="https://toxsl.com/blog/image/74/post-image_file-paython_framework.png" alt="python frameworks" width="40%">

</div>

Commit message:

added time of vid to tues and what to study for python quiz

weeks/week23.md, after:

<meta http-equiv="refresh" content="300"/>

## Week 23  
Week of 2/10/2020 

  |       |In Class               |Homework   |
  |-------|---------              |---------  |
  |**Mon**|Finish up with Intro to Python [Chapter 6](/ap/curriculum/6/)<br>Mario examples, File I/O & Dictionaries |Continue working on your next PSET: Sentimental [Hello](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/sentimental/hello/hello.html) & [Cash](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/sentimental/cash/cash.html) - Due Wed by 11:59pm<br>If you need guidance on where to start with these, go to Chapter 6 link to the left, then go to the Source Code section and look over the PDF. For `hello` search for *hello* on the PDF by either `ctrl` or `cmd` + `f`. For help on getting a positive number for `cash`, search for *mario3*. |
  |**Tue**|Continue with Python - [Chapter 7](/ap/curriculum/7/)<br>Answers questions on PSET at end of class |Continue working on your next PSET: Sentimental [Hello](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/sentimental/hello/hello.html) & [Cash](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/sentimental/cash/cash.html) - Due Wed by 11:59pm<br>Review the [lecture we watched in class](https://video.cs50.net/2018/fall/lectures/7?t=0m49s) if you need to; we got minute 20:30ish<br>Quiz on Python basics Thursday: study the Python ref sheet from last week, the one you got today, and the Python short in Ch 7|
  |**Wed**| |Sentimental PSET is due tonight by 11:59<br>Quiz on Python basics tomorrow |
  |**Thu**|Python basics quiz | |
  |**Fri**| | |

<div style="text-align:center">
<img src="https://cdn.lynda.com/course/661773/661773-637122005058334771-16x9.jpg" alt="python" width="40%">
<img src="https://toxsl.com/blog/image/74/post-image_file-paython_framework.png" alt="python frameworks" width="40%">

</div>
