weeks/week3.md, before:

<meta http-equiv="refresh" content="300"/>

# Week 3

## Week of 9/21/19 

### [Chapter 1](/ap/curriculum/1)

  |       |In Class               |Homework   |
  |-------|---------              |---------  |
  |**Mon**| | |
  |**Tue**| | |
  |**Wed**| | |
  |**Thu**| | |
  |**Fri**| | |



<!-- Week of 9/9/19: [Chapter 1](/ap/curriculum/1) continued
  - **Mon:** Continue with C - Operators, Boolean expressions, Loops
    - [Fahrenheit](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/fahrenheit/fahrenheit.html) due tonight by 11:59
    - If you have not already done so, read over [chapter 1 reference sheets](/ap/assets/pdfs/ch1-ref-sheets.pdf) through Loops & watch the [lecture video for chapter 1 starting at this link](https://video.cs50.net/2018/fall/lectures/1?t=15m58s) and going through User Input at appx 50 minutes
    - Look over the [source code PDF](https://cdn.cs50.net/2018/fall/lectures/1/src1.pdf) if you didn't get a chance to get all of it in class
  - **Tue:** Work on [Conditions Lab](https://lab.cs50.io/candib80/cs50labs/c/conditions/) in class
    - Complete the [Water Lab](https://lab.cs50.io/candib80/cs50labs/c/water/) for homework
  - **Wed:** Senior Picture Day!
    - Watch any of the shorts needed for [Chapter 1](/ap/curriculum/1) to better understand concepts
  - **Thu:** Continue with C - Loops
    - Start on [Pennies](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/pennies/pennies.html) at the end of class and finish for PSET grade by Tuesday at ll:59 pm
  - **Fri:** Continue with C - Functions, Libraries
    - Read over [chapter 1 reference sheets](assets/pdfs/ch1-ref-sheets.pdf) & watch shorts for Chapter 1 if needed
    - Continue with [Pennies](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/pennies/pennies.html)

  - **Looking forward:** Next week we will finish up with Chapter 1, review and have a test on the material covered so far. -->

Commit message:

added labs to ch1; added wk3 info

weeks/week3.md, after:

<meta http-equiv="refresh" content="300"/>

# Week 3

## Week of 9/21/19 

### [Chapter 1](/ap/curriculum/1)

  |       |In Class               |Homework   |
  |-------|---------              |---------  |
  |**Mon**|Input validation; Intro to Mario; Functions |Complete square and multiples labs in [Chapter 1](/ap/curriculum/1)|
  |**Tue**|Continue with the above |Complete adder and mult labs in [Chapter 1](/ap/curriculum/1) |
  |**Wed**|Work on myFunction lab |Read over Mario PSETs (less and more) and write your pseudocode, if doing less |
  |**Thu**| | |
  |**Fri**| | |



<!-- Week of 9/9/19: [Chapter 1](/ap/curriculum/1) continued
  - **Mon:** Continue with C - Operators, Boolean expressions, Loops
    - [Fahrenheit](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/fahrenheit/fahrenheit.html) due tonight by 11:59
    - If you have not already done so, read over [chapter 1 reference sheets](/ap/assets/pdfs/ch1-ref-sheets.pdf) through Loops & watch the [lecture video for chapter 1 starting at this link](https://video.cs50.net/2018/fall/lectures/1?t=15m58s) and going through User Input at appx 50 minutes
    - Look over the [source code PDF](https://cdn.cs50.net/2018/fall/lectures/1/src1.pdf) if you didn't get a chance to get all of it in class
  - **Tue:** Work on [Conditions Lab](https://lab.cs50.io/candib80/cs50labs/c/conditions/) in class
    - Complete the [Water Lab](https://lab.cs50.io/candib80/cs50labs/c/water/) for homework
  - **Wed:** Senior Picture Day!
    - Watch any of the shorts needed for [Chapter 1](/ap/curriculum/1) to better understand concepts
  - **Thu:** Continue with C - Loops
    - Start on [Pennies](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/pennies/pennies.html) at the end of class and finish for PSET grade by Tuesday at ll:59 pm
  - **Fri:** Continue with C - Functions, Libraries
    - Read over [chapter 1 reference sheets](assets/pdfs/ch1-ref-sheets.pdf) & watch shorts for Chapter 1 if needed
    - Continue with [Pennies](https://docs.cs50.net/2019/ap/problems/pennies/pennies.html)

  - **Looking forward:** Next week we will finish up with Chapter 1, review and have a test on the material covered so far. -->
