weeks/week15.md, before:

<meta http-equiv="refresh" content="300"/>

### Week 15  
Week of 12/2/19 [Explore Task](/ap/units/pt/explore)  
[Explore Unit on Code.org](https://studio.code.org/s/csp-explore-2019?section_id=2525239)

  |       |In Class               |Homework   |
  |-------|---------              |---------  |
  |**Mon**|Explore Task Overview; [Join class on code.org](https://studio.code.org/join/LDSHVW) and sign in with your own accounts, creating one if you need |Go over Explore Samples A, E, H, & J (including the annotations for A) so we can discuss tomorrow; These are found in Lesson 1 in the assigned Code.org unit|
  |**Tue**|Explore Task          |Come up with 3 different possible computing innovations; Also complete [AP Digital Porfoloio Setup](https://studio.code.org/s/csp-explore-2019/stage/1/puzzle/2#portfolio) in step 2 of Lesson 1 in the Code.org unit|
  |**Wed**|Explore Task          |Start working on your [Explore Organizer](\ap\assets\pdfs\digital_portfolio\explore-planning-organizer.pdf)|
  |**Thu**|Explore Task          ||
  |**Fri**|Explore Task          ||

<img src="https://slideplayer.com/slide/15522632/93/images/11/Innovation%2C+Impacts+%26+Introductions.jpg" alt="computing innovation" height="400">

Commit message:

added hw for fri with link to template

weeks/week15.md, after:

<meta http-equiv="refresh" content="300"/>

### Week 15  
Week of 12/2/19 [Explore Task](/ap/units/pt/explore)  
[Explore Unit on Code.org](https://studio.code.org/s/csp-explore-2019?section_id=2525239)

  |       |In Class               |Homework   |
  |-------|---------              |---------  |
  |**Mon**|Explore Task Overview; [Join class on code.org](https://studio.code.org/join/LDSHVW) and sign in with your own accounts, creating one if you need |Go over Explore Samples A, E, H, & J (including the annotations for A) so we can discuss tomorrow; These are found in Lesson 1 in the assigned Code.org unit|
  |**Tue**|Explore Task          |Come up with 3 different possible computing innovations; Also complete [AP Digital Porfoloio Setup](https://studio.code.org/s/csp-explore-2019/stage/1/puzzle/2#portfolio) in step 2 of Lesson 1 in the Code.org unit|
  |**Wed**|Explore Task          |Start working on your [Explore Organizer](\ap\assets\pdfs\digital_portfolio\explore-planning-organizer.pdf)|
  |**Thu**|Explore Task          ||
  |**Fri**|Explore Task          |Work on finishing up research on your computing innovation and start on your written responses; [here is the template](http://bit.ly/explore-template) for you to use|

<img src="https://slideplayer.com/slide/15522632/93/images/11/Innovation%2C+Impacts+%26+Introductions.jpg" alt="computing innovation" height="400">
