curriculum/summer-assignment.md, before:

# Summer Assignment 2020

Hello! I am happy to have you in my AP Computer Science Principles class for the 2021-2022 school year! Below is this year's summer assignment.  
I look forward to having you all in the fall, and have a great summer break! If you ever need me, email me at <cbeaman@parrottacademy.org>.\\
~Mrs. Beaman

- The assignment below is due the first day we all meet and will count as **2** quiz grades
- The two handouts may seem like a lot, but I tried to organize it so it was easier to follow for the Guided Notes
- **There will be a test the first Monday we meet** on material covered in the assignment; however, we will review that Thursday and Friday before (most of you all will be in the Senior Retreat on Wednesday).

## Part 0
- First, make sure to watch the playlist on the [homepage on our CS50 AP Site]({{"/index" | relative_url}})
  - These 2 short videos explain CS50, and CS50 AP, which is what we use for our AP CSP here at APA
- Download the documents below and use them for Parts 1 & 2:
  - [Guided Notes for Parts 1 & 2](\ap\assets\pdfs\summer\summer-20.pdf)
  - [Additional Hardware Worksheet](\ap\assets\pdfs\summer\hardware.pdf)

## Part 1
- Read selected pages from Chapter 1 in *Invitation to Computer Science 8th ed.*; [PDF here](\ap\assets\pdfs\summer\inv-to-cs-ch1-edited.pdf)
- Complete the guided notes for the reading - first page of first document

## Part 2
- Complete the following for [Understanding Technology](/ap/curriculum/understanding_technology):
  - Hardware - this will be the majority of what is in the Guided Notes, and only thing in the other doc
  - Internet - only one page in the Guided Notes doc
  - Multimedia - only one page in the Guided Notes doc
- There are Notes, Reference Sheets, Videos (appx 1 hr each), and Slides for all the above. Make sure to utilize all the materials to answer the guided notes for each of the 3 sections
  - I promise you won't have to watch hour long videos every night. If you watch the videos, they will be broken up from here on out.
- **DO NOT** do any of the Problems for the Hardware section, but do look over them as you may see something similar on the test
- **DO NOT** do the Security section of Understanding Technology; we will do this after school starts

- Transistors & Logic supplementary resources - if you need more understanding of how transistors and logic work
  - [Boolean Logic & Logic Gates: Crash Course CS](https://youtu.be/gI-qXk7XojA)
  - [Inside the CPU](https://youtu.be/IAkj32VPcUE)
  - [CPU: Crash Course CS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZGugFqdr60)
  - [Khan Academy and Code.org Circuits & Logic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sc3lh3D4rCw)
  - [How Transistors Work](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhNyURBiJcU)

Commit message:

upd SA, and links; change playlist on index to vid

curriculum/summer-assignment.md, after:

# Summer Assignment 2020

Hello! I am happy to have you in my AP Computer Science Principles class for the 2021-2022 school year! Below is this year's summer assignment.  
I look forward to having you all in the fall, and have a great rest of your summer break! If you ever need me, email me at <cbeaman@parrottacademy.org>.\\
~Mrs. Beaman

- The assignment below is due the first day we all meet and will count as **2** quiz grades
- The two handouts may seem like a lot, but I tried to organize it so it was easier to follow for the Guided Notes
- **There will be a test the first Monday we meet** on material covered in the assignment; however, we will review that Thursday and Friday before (most of you all will be in the Senior Retreat on Wednesday).

## Part 0
- First, make sure to watch the video on the [homepage on our CS50 AP Site]({{"/index" | relative_url}})
  - This explains CS50, and CS50 AP, which is what I use for our AP CSP here at APA
- Download the documents below and use them for Parts 1 & 2:
  - [Guided Notes for Parts 1 & 2](\ap\assets\pdfs\summer\summer-20.pdf)
  - [Additional Hardware Worksheet](\ap\assets\pdfs\summer\hardware.pdf)

## Part 1
- Read selected pages from Chapter 1 in *Invitation to Computer Science 8th ed.*; [PDF here](\ap\assets\pdfs\summer\inv-to-cs-ch1-edited.pdf)
- Complete the guided notes for the reading - first page of first document

## Part 2
- Complete the following for [Understanding Technology](/ap/curriculum/understanding_technology):
  - [Hardware](/ap/curriculum/understanding_technology/hardware) - this will be the majority of what is in the Guided Notes, and only thing in the other doc
  - [Internet](/ap/curriculum/understanding_technology/internet) - only one page in the Guided Notes doc
  - [Multimedia](/ap/curriculum/understanding_technology/multimedia) - only one page in the Guided Notes doc
- There are Notes, Reference Sheets, Videos (appx 1 hr each), and Slides for all the above. Make sure to utilize all the materials to answer the guided notes for each of the 3 sections
  - I promise you won't have to watch hour long videos every night. If you watch the videos, they will be broken up from here on out.
- **DO NOT** do any of the Problems for the Hardware section, but do look over them as you may see something similar on the test
- **DO NOT** do the Security section of Understanding Technology; we will do this after school starts

- Transistors & Logic supplementary resources - if you need more understanding of how transistors and logic work
  - [Boolean Logic & Logic Gates: Crash Course CS](https://youtu.be/gI-qXk7XojA) *appx 10 minutes*
  - [Inside the CPU](https://youtu.be/IAkj32VPcUE) *appx 10 minutes*
  - [CPU: Crash Course CS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZGugFqdr60) *appx 10 minutes*
  - [Khan Academy and Code.org Circuits & Logic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sc3lh3D4rCw) *appx 5 minutes*
  - [How Transistors Work](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhNyURBiJcU) *appx 5 minutes*
