units/pt/create.md, before:

# Performance Task: Create - Applications from Ideas

## Overview

Complete and submit the following:
- A video of your program Running
- Individual written responses about your program and development process
- Program

[Survival Guide]({{"/assets/pdfs/digital_portfolio/create-survival-2020.pdf" | relative_url}})<br>
[Scoring Guidelines]({{"/assets/pdfs/digital_portfolio/create-guidelines-2019.pdf" | relative_url}})

## General Requirements
- independently develop an algorithm that integrates 2 or more algorithms and that is fundamental for your program to achieve its indented purpose
- develop an abstraction that manages the complexity of your program
- create a video that displays the running of your program and demonstrates its functionality
- write responses to all the prompts in the performance tasks
- submit your ENTIRE program code

## Program Requirements

Your program must demonstrate a variety of capabilities and implement several different language features that produce a result that cannot be easily accomplished without computing tools. Your program should draw upon mathematical and logical concepts, such as use of numbers, variables, mathematical expressions with arithmetic operators, logical and Boolean operators and expressions, decision statements, iteration, and/or collections.

Your program must demonstrate:
- use of several effectively integrated mathematical and logical concepts, from the language you are using
- implementation of an algorithm that integrates 2 or more algorithms and integrates mathematical and/or logical concepts
- development and use of abstractions to manage the complexity of your program (ex: procedures, abstractions provided by the programming language, APIs)

## Submission Requirements

1. Video - One video in .mp4, .wmv, .avi, or .mov format that demonstrates the running of at least one significant feature of your program. **Your video must not exceed 1 minute in length and no more than 30MB in size.**
2. Written Responses - One PDF file which you respond directly to each prompt. **Clearly label your responses 2a-2d, in order. Your responses to all prompts combined must not be more than 750 words, not including the Program Code.**
3. Program Code - Capture and past your entire program code in this section.
  - Mark with an **oval** the segment of program code that implements the algorithm you created for your program that integrates other algorithms and integrates mathematical and/or logical concepts.
  - Mark with a **rectangle** the segment of program code that represents and abstraction you developed.
  - Include comments or acknowledgements for program code that has been written by someone else.

## Resources  
* [Create Written Responses Template](https://parrottacademy-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/cbeaman_parrottacademy_org/EQsZ3rT8frNOhcot5T6lAyQB01AG3r35bbVN--OqVGy58g?e=EXXKOK)
  * Download the document to your computer so you can fill it in.
  * Make sure to change the name of the file to no longer include 'template' and ensure your name is nowhere on the document.

#### PDF of Code/Written Responses:
- [Code Print](https://bakerfranke.github.io/codePrint/) - useful for preparing PDF of code for Create PT
- [Scratch Code Generator](http://scratchblocks.github.io/generator/)

#### Video of Program Running:
- Screencasting
  - Online/Web: [Screencast-o-matic](https://screencast-o-matic.com/) - may require download depending on browser/plugins
  - Windows/Mac: [Jing from Techsmith](https://www.techsmith.com/jing.html) - requires download
  - On Windows 10, you can use the built-in screen recording: [Quora Article](https://www.quora.com/How-can-I-Record-Screen-in-Windows-10)
    - This can record sound as well, so you may want to mute the mic if you don't want to have sound
  - [On a Mac](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208721)
- Get someone to help you (if you need it) record you running your program with a phone/camera

Commit message:

added a link to screencastify and tweaked Create page

units/pt/create.md, after:

# Performance Task: Create - Applications from Ideas

## Overview

Complete and submit the following:
- A video of your program Running
- Individual written responses about your program and development process
- Program

[Survival Guide]({{"/assets/pdfs/digital_portfolio/create-survival-2020.pdf" | relative_url}})<br>
[Scoring Guidelines]({{"/assets/pdfs/digital_portfolio/create-guidelines-2019.pdf" | relative_url}})

## General Requirements
- independently develop an algorithm that integrates 2 or more algorithms and that is fundamental for your program to achieve its indented purpose
- develop an abstraction that manages the complexity of your program
- create a video that displays the running of your program and demonstrates its functionality
- write responses to all the prompts in the performance tasks
- submit your ENTIRE program code

## Program Requirements

Your program must demonstrate a variety of capabilities and implement several different language features that produce a result that cannot be easily accomplished without computing tools. Your program should draw upon mathematical and logical concepts, such as use of numbers, variables, mathematical expressions with arithmetic operators, logical and Boolean operators and expressions, decision statements, iteration, and/or collections.

Your program must demonstrate:
- use of several effectively integrated mathematical and logical concepts, from the language you are using
- implementation of an algorithm that integrates 2 or more algorithms and integrates mathematical and/or logical concepts
- development and use of abstractions to manage the complexity of your program (ex: procedures, abstractions provided by the programming language, APIs)

## Submission Requirements

1. Video - One video in .mp4, .wmv, .avi, or .mov format that demonstrates the running of at least one significant feature of your program. **Your video must not exceed 1 minute in length and no more than 30MB in size.**
2. Written Responses - One PDF file which you respond directly to each prompt. **Clearly label your responses 2a-2d, in order. Your responses to all prompts combined must not be more than 750 words, not including the Program Code.**
3. Program Code - Capture and past your entire program code in this section.
  - Mark with an **oval** the segment of program code that implements the algorithm you created for your program that integrates other algorithms and integrates mathematical and/or logical concepts.
  - Mark with a **rectangle** the segment of program code that represents and abstraction you developed.
  - Include comments or acknowledgements for program code that has been written by someone else.

## Resources  
#### [Create Written Responses Template](https://parrottacademy-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/cbeaman_parrottacademy_org/EQsZ3rT8frNOhcot5T6lAyQB01AG3r35bbVN--OqVGy58g?e=EXXKOK)
- Download the document to your computer so you can fill it in.
- Make sure to change the name of the file to no longer include 'template' and ensure your name is nowhere on the document.

#### PDF of Code/Written Responses:
- [Code Print](https://bakerfranke.github.io/codePrint/) - useful for preparing PDF of code for Create PT
- [Scratch Code Generator](http://scratchblocks.github.io/generator/)

#### Video of Program Running:
- Screencasting
  - Online/Web: 
    - [Screencast-o-matic](https://screencast-o-matic.com/) - may require download depending on browser/plugins; Use at your own risk... I have not been successful with downloading the file after recording.
    - [Screencastify](https://www.screencastify.com/) - Chrome extension with 5 minute limit for free use  
  - Windows/Mac: [Jing from Techsmith](https://www.techsmith.com/jing.html) - requires download
  - On Windows 10, you can use the built-in screen recording: [Quora Article](https://www.quora.com/How-can-I-Record-Screen-in-Windows-10)
    - This can record sound as well, so you may want to mute the mic if you don't want to have sound
  - [On a Mac](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208721)
- Get someone to help you (if you need it) record you running your program with a phone/camera
