units/pt/explore.md, before:

# Performance Task: Explore - Impact of Compting Innovations

## Overview

Computing innovations impact our lives in ways that require considerable study and reflection for us to fully understand them. In this performance task, you will explore a computing innovation of your choice. **A computing innovation is an innovation that includes a computer or program code as an integral part of its functionality.** Your close examination of this computing innovation will deepen your understanding of computer science principles.

* [AP CSP Performance Task Directions](https://apcentral.collegeboard.org/pdf/ap-csp-student-task-directions.pdf?course=ap-computer-science-principles)
* [Explore Scoring Guidelines](/ap/assets/pdfs/digital_portfolio/explore-guidelines-2019.pdf)

## General Requirements

**This performance task requires you to select and investigate a computational innovation to:**  
* analyze a computing innovations impact on society, economy, or culture and explain who this impact could be beneficial and/or harmful;
* explain how a computing innovation consumes, produces, or transforms data; and
* describe how data storage, data privacy, or data security concerns are raised based on the capabilities of the computing innovation.

**You are also required to:**  
* investigate your computing innovation using a variety of sources (print, online, expert interviews);
* provide in-text citations of at least three different sources that helped you create your computational artifact and/or formulate your written responses;
    * At least 2 of the sources must be available online or in print; your third source may be either online, in print, or a personal interview with an expert on the computing innovation
    * At least 2 of the sources must have been created after the end of the previous academic year
* produce a computational artifact that illustrates, represents, or explains the computing innovation's intended purpose, its function, or its effect; and
* provide written responses to all the prompts in the performance task about your computational artifact and computing innovation.

## Resources

**Research and Organization**

- [Rough Notes & Sources Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19n4gLaVmOgiqpCCezNZFtuR6LEhB9SNOg9pJWdXiE3k/edit?usp=sharing)

**Resources to make your video, audio and/or PDF:** 

- [Adobe Spark](https://spark.adobe.com/) to create a short video presentation
- PowerPoint
- [Audacity](https://www.audacityteam.org/) for making audio presentation
- Google Docs, Slides, Drawings to create PDF or infographic

Commit message:

added survival guide; tweeked wk15

units/pt/explore.md, after:

# Performance Task: Explore - Impact of Compting Innovations

## Overview

Computing innovations impact our lives in ways that require considerable study and reflection for us to fully understand them. In this performance task, you will explore a computing innovation of your choice. **A computing innovation is an innovation that includes a computer or program code as an integral part of its functionality.** Your close examination of this computing innovation will deepen your understanding of computer science principles.

* [AP CSP Performance Task Directions](https://apcentral.collegeboard.org/pdf/ap-csp-student-task-directions.pdf?course=ap-computer-science-principles)
* [Explore Scoring Guidelines](/ap/assets/pdfs/digital_portfolio/explore-guidelines-2019.pdf)

## General Requirements

**This performance task requires you to select and investigate a computational innovation to:**  
* analyze a computing innovations impact on society, economy, or culture and explain who this impact could be beneficial and/or harmful;
* explain how a computing innovation consumes, produces, or transforms data; and
* describe how data storage, data privacy, or data security concerns are raised based on the capabilities of the computing innovation.

**You are also required to:**  
* investigate your computing innovation using a variety of sources (print, online, expert interviews);
* provide in-text citations of at least three different sources that helped you create your computational artifact and/or formulate your written responses;
    * At least 2 of the sources must be available online or in print; your third source may be either online, in print, or a personal interview with an expert on the computing innovation
    * At least 2 of the sources must have been created after the end of the previous academic year
* produce a computational artifact that illustrates, represents, or explains the computing innovation's intended purpose, its function, or its effect; and
* provide written responses to all the prompts in the performance task about your computational artifact and computing innovation.

## Resources

**Research and Organization**

- [Rough Notes & Sources Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19n4gLaVmOgiqpCCezNZFtuR6LEhB9SNOg9pJWdXiE3k/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Planning Organizer](\ap\assets\pdfs\digital_portfolio\explore-planning-organizer.pdf)
- Links for ideas on computing innovations:
    - [University of RI](https://computing-concepts.cs.uri.edu/wiki/Computing_Innovations)
    - [LaFayette](https://compsci.lafayette.edu/top-30-innovations/)
- [Explore Survival Guide](\ap\assets\pdfs\digital_portfolio\explore-survival-guide.pdf)

**Resources to make your video, audio and/or PDF:** 

- [Adobe Spark](https://spark.adobe.com/) to create a short video presentation
- PowerPoint
- [Audacity](https://www.audacityteam.org/) for making audio presentation
- Google Docs, Slides, Drawings to create PDF or infographic
