curriculum/pt/create.md, before:

# Performance Task: Create - Applications from Ideas

## General Requirements

Complete and submit the following via [Digital Portfolio](https://digitalportfolio.collegeboard.org/):
- Final program code (created independently or collaboratively)
- A video that displays the running of your program and demonstrates functionality you developed (created independently)
- Written responses to all the prompts in the performance task (created independently)

[Survival Guide](https://candib80.github.io/apcsp/assets/pdfs/digital_portfolio/create-survival-2021.pdf)<br>
[Scoring Guidelines](https://apcentral.collegeboard.org/pdf/ap21-sg-computer-science-principles.pdf)<br>
[AP CSP College Board Student Create Task Instructions](https://apcentral.collegeboard.org/pdf/ap-csp-student-task-directions.pdf)

## Program Requirements

In your program, you must include student-developed program code that contains the following:
- Instructions for input from one of the following:
  - the user (including user actions that trigger events)
  - a device
  - an online data stream
  - a file
- Use of at least one list (or other collection type) to represent a collection of data that is stored and used to manage program complexity and help fulfill the program’s purpose
- At least one procedure that contributes to the program’s intended purpose, where you have defined:
  - the procedure’s name
  - the return type (if necessary)
  - one or more parameters
- An algorithm that includes sequencing, selection, and iteration that is in the body of the selected procedure
- Calls to your student-developed procedure 
- Instructions for output (tactile, audible, visual, or textual) based on input and program functionality

**Submission Reminders**  
Before you submit your work as final, please:
- Remove your name.
- Ensure that you have provided acknowledgement for any program code written by someone else.
- Refrain from publicly posting any portion of your performance task. Work that is shared online is subject to being plagiarized by another student. When this happens both students will be flagged for plagiarism.

## Video Requirements

Submit one video file that demonstrates the running of your program as described below. Collaboration is not allowed during the development of your video.

Your video must demonstrate your program running, including:
- Input to your program
- At least one aspect of the functionality of your program
- Output produced by your program
Your video may NOT contain:
- Any distinguishing information about yourself
- Voice narration (though text captions are encouraged)
Your video must be:
- Either .webm, .mp4, .wmv, .avi, or .mov format
- No more than 1 minute in length
- No more than 30MB in file size

**Submission Reminders**  
Before submitting your work as final, please:
- Remove your name.
- Ensure that you have not collaborated on the development of this video.
- Refrain from publicly posting any portion of your performance task. Work that is shared online is subject to being plagiarized by another student. When this happens both students will be flagged for plagiarism.

## Written Responses

Submit your responses to prompts 3a – 3d, which are described in the Student Handout linked above in the General Requirements section. Your response to all prompts combined must not exceed 750 words (program code is not included in the word count). Collaboration is not allowed on the written responses.
- Provide written responses to the prompts in the fields indicated.  You can format text using the options in the text box. 
- The total word count for the written response is 750 words. To allow some flexibility, your typed responses to all prompts must not exceed 850 words. A word count is displayed for each text entry box, and an overall word count is displayed at the top and bottom of the page.
- Prompts asking for code segments must be inserted as images. The easiest way to do this is to take a screen capture (screenshot) of the appropriate code and save it. Then either drag and drop the image, or click on the photo icon and select the file. You can also copy and paste the image of the program code.
- Save your work by clicking on one of the Save buttons that are at the top and bottom of the page. Your work will be auto-saved every two minutes.

**Submission Reminder**  
Before submitting your work as final, please:
- Do not include your name.
- Ensure that you have not collaborated on the written responses.
- Refrain from publicly posting any portion of your performance task. Work that is shared online is subject to being plagiarized by another student. When this happens both students will be flagged for plagiarism.

## Resources  
#### [Create Written Responses Template](https://parrottacademy-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/cbeaman_parrottacademy_org/EQsZ3rT8frNOhcot5T6lAyQB01AG3r35bbVN--OqVGy58g?e=EXXKOK)  
<!-- fix this link above -->
- Download the document to your computer so you can fill it in.
- Make sure to change the name of the file to no longer include 'template' and ensure your name is nowhere on the document.

#### PDF of Code:
I suggest you use the IDE's built-in code rendering, `render50`
- To use this follow this example, provided you have `cd`'d into the correct folder:  
  `render50 -o output.pdf input.c`
  - Where `output.pdf` is the name of the file you wish to output, and `input.c` is the name of the program's source file, either a C or Python file.
  - You can then right click on the PDF that was generated, and click download to save it to your comptuer.

#### Video of Program Running:
- [My Video for you guys](https://youtu.be/m0B9E9Pk3uk)
- Screencasting
  - Online/Web: 
    - [Screencast-o-matic](https://screencast-o-matic.com/) - may require download depending on browser/plugins; Use at your own risk... I have not been successful with downloading the file after recording.
    - [Screencastify](https://www.screencastify.com/) - Chrome extension with 5 minute limit for free use  
  - Windows/Mac:
    - [Jing from Techsmith](https://www.techsmith.com/jing.html) - requires download
    - [Loom](https://www.loom.com/signup) - requires free account and download/browser extension
  - On Windows 10, you can use the built-in screen recording: [Quora Article](https://www.quora.com/How-can-I-Record-Screen-in-Windows-10)
  - [On a Mac](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208721)
* **With all of these, make sure to mute your mic, as you are not supposed to have your voice in the video!**

Commit message:

add link to full render50 documentation

curriculum/pt/create.md, after:

# Performance Task: Create - Applications from Ideas

## General Requirements

Complete and submit the following via [Digital Portfolio](https://digitalportfolio.collegeboard.org/):
- Final program code (created independently or collaboratively)
- A video that displays the running of your program and demonstrates functionality you developed (created independently)
- Written responses to all the prompts in the performance task (created independently)

[Survival Guide](https://candib80.github.io/apcsp/assets/pdfs/digital_portfolio/create-survival-2021.pdf)<br>
[Scoring Guidelines](https://apcentral.collegeboard.org/pdf/ap21-sg-computer-science-principles.pdf)<br>
[AP CSP College Board Student Create Task Instructions](https://apcentral.collegeboard.org/pdf/ap-csp-student-task-directions.pdf)

## Program Requirements

In your program, you must include student-developed program code that contains the following:
- Instructions for input from one of the following:
  - the user (including user actions that trigger events)
  - a device
  - an online data stream
  - a file
- Use of at least one list (or other collection type) to represent a collection of data that is stored and used to manage program complexity and help fulfill the program’s purpose
- At least one procedure that contributes to the program’s intended purpose, where you have defined:
  - the procedure’s name
  - the return type (if necessary)
  - one or more parameters
- An algorithm that includes sequencing, selection, and iteration that is in the body of the selected procedure
- Calls to your student-developed procedure 
- Instructions for output (tactile, audible, visual, or textual) based on input and program functionality

**Submission Reminders**  
Before you submit your work as final, please:
- Remove your name.
- Ensure that you have provided acknowledgement for any program code written by someone else.
- Refrain from publicly posting any portion of your performance task. Work that is shared online is subject to being plagiarized by another student. When this happens both students will be flagged for plagiarism.

## Video Requirements

Submit one video file that demonstrates the running of your program as described below. Collaboration is not allowed during the development of your video.

Your video must demonstrate your program running, including:
- Input to your program
- At least one aspect of the functionality of your program
- Output produced by your program
Your video may NOT contain:
- Any distinguishing information about yourself
- Voice narration (though text captions are encouraged)
Your video must be:
- Either .webm, .mp4, .wmv, .avi, or .mov format
- No more than 1 minute in length
- No more than 30MB in file size

**Submission Reminders**  
Before submitting your work as final, please:
- Remove your name.
- Ensure that you have not collaborated on the development of this video.
- Refrain from publicly posting any portion of your performance task. Work that is shared online is subject to being plagiarized by another student. When this happens both students will be flagged for plagiarism.

## Written Responses

Submit your responses to prompts 3a – 3d, which are described in the Student Handout linked above in the General Requirements section. Your response to all prompts combined must not exceed 750 words (program code is not included in the word count). Collaboration is not allowed on the written responses.
- Provide written responses to the prompts in the fields indicated.  You can format text using the options in the text box. 
- The total word count for the written response is 750 words. To allow some flexibility, your typed responses to all prompts must not exceed 850 words. A word count is displayed for each text entry box, and an overall word count is displayed at the top and bottom of the page.
- Prompts asking for code segments must be inserted as images. The easiest way to do this is to take a screen capture (screenshot) of the appropriate code and save it. Then either drag and drop the image, or click on the photo icon and select the file. You can also copy and paste the image of the program code.
- Save your work by clicking on one of the Save buttons that are at the top and bottom of the page. Your work will be auto-saved every two minutes.

**Submission Reminder**  
Before submitting your work as final, please:
- Do not include your name.
- Ensure that you have not collaborated on the written responses.
- Refrain from publicly posting any portion of your performance task. Work that is shared online is subject to being plagiarized by another student. When this happens both students will be flagged for plagiarism.

## Resources  
#### [Create Written Responses Template](https://parrottacademy-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/cbeaman_parrottacademy_org/EQsZ3rT8frNOhcot5T6lAyQB01AG3r35bbVN--OqVGy58g?e=EXXKOK)  
<!-- fix this link above -->
- Download the document to your computer so you can fill it in.
- Make sure to change the name of the file to no longer include 'template' and ensure your name is nowhere on the document.

#### PDF of Code:
I suggest you use the IDE's built-in code rendering, `render50`
- To use this follow this example, provided you have `cd`'d into the correct folder:  
  `render50 -o output.pdf input.c`
  - Where `output.pdf` is the name of the file you wish to output, and `input.c` is the name of the program's source file, either a C or Python file.
  - You can then right click on the PDF that was generated, and click download to save it to your computer.
  - To read all the documentation on `render50`, you can [read the docs here](https://cs50.readthedocs.io/render50/)

#### Video of Program Running:
- [My Video for you guys](https://youtu.be/m0B9E9Pk3uk)
- Screencasting
  - Online/Web: 
    - [Screencast-o-matic](https://screencast-o-matic.com/) - may require download depending on browser/plugins; Use at your own risk... I have not been successful with downloading the file after recording.
    - [Screencastify](https://www.screencastify.com/) - Chrome extension with 5 minute limit for free use  
  - Windows/Mac:
    - [Jing from Techsmith](https://www.techsmith.com/jing.html) - requires download
    - [Loom](https://www.loom.com/signup) - requires free account and download/browser extension
  - On Windows 10, you can use the built-in screen recording: [Quora Article](https://www.quora.com/How-can-I-Record-Screen-in-Windows-10)
  - [On a Mac](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208721)
* **With all of these, make sure to mute your mic, as you are not supposed to have your voice in the video!**
