units/summer-assignment.md, before:

# Summer Assignment 2019

Hello! I am happy to have you in my AP Computer Science Principles class for the 2019-2020 school year! Below is this year's summer assignment. The online portion may change slightly, as Harvard is likely to change a little of the curriculum, but I will let you all know if that happens.\\
I look forward to having you all in the fall, and have a great summer break! If you ever need me, email me at <cbeaman@parrottacademy.org>.\\
~Mrs. Beaman

We will be using *Invitation to Computer Science 8th ed.* this year to supplement our CS50 AP curriculum. With that, your summer assignment will include reading chapter one of the book, along  with completing most of Unit 0 from the CS50 AP curriculum. Please do NOT stress out about most of the stuff in the book, as it is a college textbook for computer science, and as such, has a lot of material and terms that we will **not** be covering in this class. We will skip around in the book throughout the year, so don't try to read ahead too much, as it may not be the order in which we go (or we may not cover that at all).

Guided Notes Handout - Up by end of week

CS50 has done a great job of breaking up their long lectures in to bite sized pieces tailored to what the modules are in our curriculum, so don't panic when you click on a lecture video and it is 1-2 hours long (though some of the first ones may actually be). Usually they are 5-30 minute snippets of their lectures.

## Part I
- Read Chapter 1 in *Invitation to Computer Science 8th ed.*
  - Either come by and pick up your book, or use the [PDF of Chapter 1]({{"/assets/pdfs/inv-to-cs-ch1.pdf" | relative_url}})
  - Complete the guided notes for the reading

## Part II
- First, make sure to watch the playlist on the [homepage on our CS50 AP Site]({{"/index" \ relative_url}})
- Complete the following for [Unit 0]({{ "/units/unit0" | relative_url }}):

  - [Computers and Computing]({{"/units/unit0/computers_and_computing" | relative_url }})
    - Watch videos Parts 0, 1, & 2
    - Read notes
    - Complete guided notes for this module

  - [How Computers Work]({{"/units/unit0/how_computers_work" | relative_url }})
    - Watch the lecture video, along with the supplementary resources videos
    - Read notes
    - Complete guided notes for this module

  - [Binary and ASCII]({{"/units/unit0/binary_and_ascii" | relative_url }})
    - Watch the videos, shorts, & supplementary resources (if you need a bit more)
    - Read notes on both Binary and ASCII - make sure to download the ASCII tables if you need to
    - Complete guided notes and practice problems for this module

  - [Logic and Processors]({{"/units/unit0/logic_and_processors" | relative_url }})
    - Watch the videos and supplementary resources
    - Read the notes on both *Transistors and Logic* and *CPU and SoC*
    - Complete guided notes for this module

Commit message:

added message about test first week of school

units/summer-assignment.md, after:

# Summer Assignment 2019

Hello! I am happy to have you in my AP Computer Science Principles class for the 2019-2020 school year! Below is this year's summer assignment. **There will be a test the first week of school** on material covered in the assignment, however we will review some before.\\
I look forward to having you all in the fall, and have a great summer break! If you ever need me, email me at <cbeaman@parrottacademy.org>.\\
~Mrs. Beaman

We will be using *Invitation to Computer Science 8th ed.* this year to supplement our CS50 AP curriculum. With that, your summer assignment will include reading chapter one of the book, along  with completing most of Unit 0 from the CS50 AP curriculum. Please do NOT stress out about most of the stuff in the book, as it is a college textbook for computer science, and as such, has a lot of material and terms that we will **not** be covering in this class. We will skip around in the book throughout the year, so don't try to read ahead too much, as it may not be the order in which we go (or we may not cover that at all).

Guided Notes Handout - Up by end of week

CS50 has done a great job of breaking up their long lectures in to bite sized pieces tailored to what the modules are in our curriculum, so don't panic when you click on a lecture video and it is 1-2 hours long (though some of the first ones may actually be). Usually they are 5-30 minute snippets of their lectures.

## Part I
- Read Chapter 1 in *Invitation to Computer Science 8th ed.*
  - Either come by and pick up your book, or use the [PDF of Chapter 1]({{"/assets/pdfs/inv-to-cs-ch1.pdf" | relative_url}})
  - Complete the guided notes for the reading

## Part II
- First, make sure to watch the playlist on the [homepage on our CS50 AP Site]({{"/index" \ relative_url}})
- Complete the following for [Unit 0]({{ "/units/unit0" | relative_url }}):

  - [Computers and Computing]({{"/units/unit0/computers_and_computing" | relative_url }})
    - Watch videos Parts 0, 1, & 2
    - Read notes
    - Complete guided notes for this module

  - [How Computers Work]({{"/units/unit0/how_computers_work" | relative_url }})
    - Watch the lecture video, along with the supplementary resources videos
    - Read notes
    - Complete guided notes for this module

  - [Binary and ASCII]({{"/units/unit0/binary_and_ascii" | relative_url }})
    - Watch the videos, shorts, & supplementary resources (if you need a bit more)
    - Read notes on both Binary and ASCII - make sure to download the ASCII tables if you need to
    - Complete guided notes and practice problems for this module

  - [Logic and Processors]({{"/units/unit0/logic_and_processors" | relative_url }})
    - Watch the videos and supplementary resources
    - Read the notes on both *Transistors and Logic* and *CPU and SoC*
    - Complete guided notes for this module
