periods/digital_portfolio.md, before:

# Digital Portfolio

### Explore PT Due as FINAL in your portfolio on December 11!

You may submit your PTs as final now

- Go to <a href="https://digitalportfolio.collegeboard.org" target="_blank">digitalportfolio.collegeboard.org</a>, log in with your College Board account
- Make sure that you indicate that you ARE taking the end-of-course exam and enter your AP numbers into the Digital Portfolio (April)
- The College Board recommends that you use the Written Responses Templates that are inside the Create and Explore performance tasks pages to ensure accurate scoring and to respond to all the performance task requirements.

### Resources

- [Student User Guide for AP CSP](https://secure-media.collegeboard.org/digitalServices/pdf/ap/computer-science-principles-digital-portfolio-student-guide.pdf)
- [Assessment Overview and Performance Task Directions](https://apcentral.collegeboard.org/pdf/ap-csp-student-task-directions.pdf?course=ap-computer-science-principles)
- [Explore PT Scoring Guidelines]({{"/assets/pdfs/digital_portfolio/explore-guidelines-2019.pdf" | relative_url }})
- [Create PT Scoring Guidelines]({{"/assets/pdfs/digital_portfolio/create-guidelines-2019.pdf" | relative_url }})
- [Explore Sample Responses and Scoring](https://secure-media.collegeboard.org/ap/pdf/ap18-csp-explore.pdf) - Scroll past rubric to see scores and commentary
- [Explore Sample Responses](https://apcentral.collegeboard.org/courses/ap-computer-science-principles/exam?course=ap-computer-science-principles) - Scroll down to the Sample Responses and Scoring Information section and make sure to look at the 2018: Sample ...

Resources to make your artifact:

- [Adobe Spark](https://spark.adobe.com/) to create a short video presentation
- PowerPoint
- [Audacity](https://www.audacityteam.org/) for making audio presentation
- Google Docs, Slides, Drawings to create PDF or infographic
- Screencasting - see me if you want to do this (it's fairly simple, but there are multiple ways to do it depending on what OS you have)

Commit message:

Added headings for different resources and link to org tool for research

periods/digital_portfolio.md, after:

# Digital Portfolio

### Explore PT Due as FINAL in your portfolio on December 11!

You may submit your PTs as final now

- Go to <a href="https://digitalportfolio.collegeboard.org" target="_blank">digitalportfolio.collegeboard.org</a>, log in with your College Board account
- Make sure that you indicate that you ARE taking the end-of-course exam and enter your AP numbers into the Digital Portfolio (April)
- The College Board recommends that you use the Written Responses Templates that are inside the Create and Explore performance tasks pages to ensure accurate scoring and to respond to all the performance task requirements.

### Resources

**CB Resources**

- [Student User Guide for AP CSP](https://secure-media.collegeboard.org/digitalServices/pdf/ap/computer-science-principles-digital-portfolio-student-guide.pdf)
- [Assessment Overview and Performance Task Directions](https://apcentral.collegeboard.org/pdf/ap-csp-student-task-directions.pdf?course=ap-computer-science-principles)
- [Explore PT Scoring Guidelines]({{"/assets/pdfs/digital_portfolio/explore-guidelines-2019.pdf" | relative_url }})
- [Create PT Scoring Guidelines]({{"/assets/pdfs/digital_portfolio/create-guidelines-2019.pdf" | relative_url }})
- [Explore Sample Responses and Scoring](https://secure-media.collegeboard.org/ap/pdf/ap18-csp-explore.pdf) - Scroll past rubric to see scores and commentary
- [Explore Sample Responses](https://apcentral.collegeboard.org/courses/ap-computer-science-principles/exam?course=ap-computer-science-principles) - Scroll down to the Sample Responses and Scoring Information section and make sure to look at the 2018: Sample ...

**Research and Organization**
 - [Rough Notes & Sources](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19n4gLaVmOgiqpCCezNZFtuR6LEhB9SNOg9pJWdXiE3k/edit?usp=sharing)

**Resources to make your artifact:**

- [Adobe Spark](https://spark.adobe.com/) to create a short video presentation
- PowerPoint
- [Audacity](https://www.audacityteam.org/) for making audio presentation
- Google Docs, Slides, Drawings to create PDF or infographic
- Screencasting - see me if you want to do this (it's fairly simple, but there are multiple ways to do it depending on what OS you have)
